BlocPalX Proof Of Reserves License, version 1.0

Copyright © 2021 BlocPal int.

Licensor: BlocPalX int.

Software: BlocPalX proof of reserves system

Use Limitation:

    Free for Individual Users,

    Free for Organizations that install and run it without any modification.

    Free for Digital Asset Platforms and Exchanges operating in a Fully
    Registered and Regulatory Compliant manner under one or more of Canadian,
    Australian, United States, Japanese, United Kingdom, or European Union laws
    with clearly visible credit given to BlocPalX and a link to the BlocPalX
    Proof of Reserves GitHub project in a minimum 12 point font.

    Free for Digital Asset Platforms and Exchanges not accepting customers from
    Canada, Australia, The United States, Japan, The United Kingdom, or The
    European Union with clearly visible credit given to BlocPalX and a link
    to the BlocPalX Proof of Reserves GitHub project in a minimum 12 point font.

License Grant. Licensor hereby grants to each recipient of the Software (“you”)
a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free and fully-paid-up license, under
all of the Licensor’s copyright and patent rights, to use, copy, distribute,
prepare derivative works of, publicly perform and display the Software, subject
to the Use Limitation and the conditions set forth below.

Use Limitation. The license granted above allows use by Individual Users,
Organizations that install and run it without any modification, and Digital
Asset Exchanges that are Fully Regulatory Compliant under Canadian, Australian,
United States, Japanese, United Kingdom, or European Union law as set forth
above (the “Use Limitation”). For determining applicability, you must either be
an Individual User, or you must not accept users from the list of countries
identified in the "Use Limitation", or you must be officially registered with
all required regulatory bodies and granted operational status in one of the
countries identified. “You” includes all affiliates, meaning legal entities
controlling, controlled by, or under common control with you. If you exceed the
Use Limitation, your use is subject to payment of Licensor’s then-current list
price for licenses in the form of a donation to Licensor's community project
of choice.

Conditions. Redistribution in source code or other forms must include a copy of
this license document to be provided in a reasonable manner. Any redistribution
of the Software is only allowed subject to this license.

Trademarks. This license does not grant you any right in the trademarks,
service marks, brand names or logos of Licensor.

DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. LICENSORS HEREBY DISCLAIM
ALL LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE.

Termination. If you violate the terms of this license, your rights will
terminate automatically and will not be reinstated without the prior written
consent of Licensor. Any such termination will not affect the right of others
who may have received copies of the Software from you.
